[TT-8812] Create operator secret for tyk-oss chart (#272)
TykTechnologies/tyk-charts: tyk-oss/templates/NOTES.txt

===================================================
You might want to install Tyk Operator next to manage Ingress resources or manage your APIs.
Please check Tyk Operator documentation at https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-operator/

> {{ if .Values.createOperatorSecret }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ if .Values.operatorSecret.enabled }}
```

> {{ if .Values.operatorSecret.enabled }}
> `tyk-operator-conf` secret needed to connect to Operator is already created. 
> If you have set `global.secret.useSecretName`, please set `TYK_AUTH` field in `tyk-operator-conf` secret with Api secret of Tyk gateway.
> {{- end }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ if .Values.operatorSecret.enabled }}
=== Tyk Operator Secret (tyk-operator-conf) ===
The `tyk-operator-conf` secret, required for Tyk Operator to establish a connection with Tyk Gateway, is generated in the {{ .Release.Namespace }} namespace.

If API Secret of Tyk Gateway has configured via `global.secret.useSecretName` field, ensure that the `TYK_AUTH` field in the `tyk-operator-conf` secret contains the API secret of Tyk Gateway. This step ensures that Tyk Operator correctly identifies the API secret.

    NOTE: After updating `tyk-operator-conf`, make sure that Tyk Operator pod is restarted.
{{- end }}
```
